[Applause]
[Music]
Listening to the suffering of the world,
the troubles of life,
using strength to seek the Way,
not clinging to worldly desires, not seeking good fortune, even if people are completely
barren, the Heavenly Heart always remembers
happiness is not
far away. Respecting the Six Harmonious Dharma, like
living a life of boundless compassion,
even though sometimes she has to recite prayers,
but she is the true spirit, bringing peace to all.
[Music]
Joy fills the air, fragrant amidst life's deep scent.
With her by my side, happiness and
peace under the golden light, I strive to reach the
teacher's grace, guiding people towards true enlightenment.
[Music]
As we vow to cultivate the Six Harmonious Dharma,
we vow to be free from attachment to the Bodhi seed,
helping people find peace and joy,
spreading the Buddha's teachings throughout the
world, bringing countless blessings. With her by my side, the Bodhi tree's path of practice,
we are guided by the Bodhi tree. We seek the path of
compassion, the path of the Three Jewels, forever enduring.
[Music]
Listening to the suffering of the world, the
troubles of life,
using strength to seek the Way, not clinging to
worldly desires, not seeking good fortune, helping people, even if people are
completely
barren, the Heavenly Heart always
remembers happiness is not far away.
[Music]
Respecting the Six Harmonious Dharma, like a
life of
deep affection.  With boundless compassion and richness,
sometimes she has to take on difficult tasks,
but she is a true goddess to all.
[Music] In
the midst of life, the lowly fragrance of Duc
Thanh, with her by my side, happiness and
peace under the golden light, she leads me to the
teacher's guidance, the path to enlightenment.
[Music]
As we vow to cultivate the six paths of faith,
we vow to nurture the seed of Bodhi,
helping people find peace and enlightenment,
transmitting the Buddha's teachings, stirring the
world with boundless happiness. With the Bodhi path,
we vow to
rely on enlightenment, the path to the
Three Jewels, forever and ever.
[Music]
[Applause]